# Privacy Policy for Notificity
Effective date: 10/05/2024

This privacy policy ("Policy") describes how the personal information ("Personal Information") you may provide on the "Notificity" mobile application ("Mobile Application" or "Service") and any of its related products and services (collectively, "Services") is collected, protected, and used. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your Personal Information and how you can access and update this information. This Policy is a legally binding agreement between you ("User," "you," or "your") and [Your Company Name] ("[Your Company Name]," "we," "us," or "our"). By accessing and using the Mobile Application and Services, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of a business or other legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity to this Agreement, in which case the terms "User," "you," or "your" shall refer to such entity. If you do not have such authority, or if you do not agree with the terms of this Agreement, you must not accept this Agreement and may not access and use the Mobile Application and Services. You acknowledge that this Agreement is a contract between you and [Your Company Name], even though it is electronic and is not physically signed by you, and it governs your use of the Mobile Application and Services.

# Collection of Personal Information
You can access and use the Mobile Application and Services without telling us who you are or revealing any information by which someone could identify you as a specific, identifiable individual. If, however, you wish to use some of the features offered on the Mobile Application, you may be asked to provide certain Personal Information (for example, your name and e-mail address). We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us when you fill any online forms on the Mobile Application. When required, this information may include the following:

- Personal details such as name, country of residence, etc.
- Contact information such as email address, address, etc.
- Account details such as user name, unique user ID, password, etc.
- Use and Processing of Collected Information

Any of the information we collect from you may be used to personalize your experience; improve our Mobile Application; improve customer service and respond to queries and emails of our customers; run and operate our Mobile Application and Services. Information collected automatically is used only to identify potential cases of abuse and establish statistical information regarding the usage and traffic of the Mobile Application and Services. This statistical information is not otherwise aggregated in such a way that would identify any particular user of the system.

# Disclosure of Information
Depending on the requested Services or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any service you have requested, we may share your information with your consent with our trusted third parties that work with us, any other affiliates and subsidiaries we rely upon to assist in the operation of the Mobile Application and Services available to you. We do not share Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties. These service providers are not authorized to use or disclose your information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. We may share your Personal Information for these purposes only with third parties whose privacy policies are consistent with ours or who agree to abide by our policies concerning Personal Information. These third parties are given Personal Information they need only to perform their designated functions, and we do not authorize them to use or disclose Personal Information for their own marketing or other purposes.

# Retention of Information
We will retain and use your Personal Information for the period necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Information after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally. Once the retention period expires, Personal Information shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to deletion, the right to rectification, and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after the expiration of the retention period.

# The Rights of Users
You may exercise certain rights regarding your information processed by us. In particular, you have the right to do the following: (i) you have the right to withdraw consent where you have previously given your consent to the processing of your information; (ii) you have the right to object to the processing of your information if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent; (iii) you have the right to learn if the information is being processed by us